# Videos On Demand - RMI Application
###  by Badr Al Achkar and Louis Calas
### This project simulates an online platform that delivers videos on demand, through an RMI client-server JAVA application.

### The project is divided into three distinct parts.
   

#### HTTPServer - which provides the basic functionality of a mini web server.
Automatically sends back requested .class by JVMs. 

- The ClassServer creates a thread that listens on a socket
  and accepts HTTP GET requests. The HTTP response contains the
  bytecodes for the class that requested in the GET header.  
   
  
- The ClassFileServer implements a ClassServer that
  reads class files from the file system.
  

- For loading remote classes, an RMI application can use a concrete
  subclass of this server in place of an HTTP server.

#### Server - which simulates the server hosting the VOD service
- Obtains a reference to a remote object registry on specified port.
  

- Binds the remote reference from the specified name in this registry.
  

- Specifies device and port for the server.

#### Client - which simulates the client connecting to the server to access the VOD service.

### Data management
- Done on server side within the "db" package and use a json file.
This one contains a DAO class, used to get data from JSON file.


- A file reader is associated to the json file storing data.
File reader is parsed to get a JSONObject.


- Movies manager class to manage movies data from JSONObject generated by DAO class.


- Users manager class to manage users data from JSONObject generated by DAO class.


- Model classes Movie and User.


- JSON file "db.json" format example : `{"movies":[{"ISBN": ..., "movie": ... }], "catalog":[{"trailer: ..., "ISBN":..., "name": ... , "synopsis": ...}], "users":[{"password": ..., "email": ...}]`

### How the application works

In this order :

- Launch the HTTP server (HTTPServer) from the main method of the CLassFileServer class


- Launch the server (Server) from the main method of the Main class.
  You must first modify the machine and the port specified in the main method in the following function
  : `System.setProperty("java.rmi.server.codebase", "http://yourdevice:port/");"`
  They are specified when launching HTTPServer.


- Launch the client from the main method of the Main class.
  You can then access the VOD service from the terminal that launched the client.


- Warning : HTTPServer must have a directory name / hierarchy from which it will copy bytes from requested .class files (or .jar files) 
from JVMs of the RMI application (including from rmiregistry, and from client-side JVM).
